# Warhammer 40K Program
Technically this program might work for other games, as well (With or without modification), but is intended for use with Warhammer 40,000. In this program, there will actually be 3 sub-programs. One is the program for creating an army list, one is the program for use in gameplay so you can remember what your actions are, and one is the program you can use to test various paint schemes on your models.

The first program does require a user to set up his or her library to represent their codex (This is to prevent getting sued for stealing Warhammer 40K codex stuff). However, they only have to do this once, and it will be very easy to do so, they just put folders with text documents in the folders, with things like “Max Number of Special Weapons: 2-4” inside a unit’s .txt file, and there will be instructions for the user to create their library. The user will also create a separate library of which miniatures they can actually represent, which would be just a single .txt file, and very easily editable, and once again, concise instructions would be given. Once created, any time they run the program, the user will have access to a GUI where they can see their current options for picking something for a detachment, where it will only show valid options, such as miniatures that are representable, and then when something is picked, the user’s options will “update” (Very rapidly, of course) so that only the miniatures they have left after their selection can be used for their other choices, and the user can easily backtrack, and things like that.

The second program will basically feed off of an army list created from the first program, and will use a user-generated library of actions that the user would commonly use (For instance, maybe you have options to use some actions or certain command point things, but you just don’t want to for most of them, as an example), of the form “Phase: Unit, Action (X Command Points)”, to generate what you want to do at each phase. For instance, let’s say that I’m playing as Astra Militarum, and I have Yarrick, and since he’s more so close-combat, a strategy I might like is to get him in close combat with others, so I might put something like “End of Movement Phase: Yarrick, Run Action” in my text file for common actions, and then when it’s the end of the movement phase, a notification pops up that I should run with Yarrick. Just as an example.

The third and final Warhammer 40K program would be a “paint scheme” program, where you can experiment and see what colors would look on different parts of a model, and Games Workshop paints would be planned to be supported by the program. It will operate based on a user-generated library of images of a model plus where to section off the different colors, so that the program can just load up one of these images, you can click a paint color, click the section, and it will recolor that part of the picture to that color. It will basically act like the paint bucket in MS Paint, but with each part that gets “painted” being part of a photo, and with Games Workshop paint colors being the main colors that you can choose from for color options, with additional color options, as well. It will even support exporting your color scheme to a text file, so you can have written down easily what colors you picked, so you know what to paint it.


# Notes
- This is still currently in development for version 1.0

# Authors (So Far)
- Evan Baker

